now ricotta pancakes with more
strawberries sounds delicious and
believe me it tastes delicious to have a
go at making I'll show you how simple it
can be pop it on there that's it hey
guys can you come and take these you can
finish these up alright now you finish
the job but now you can it's not drink
it I turn yet they really are so lovely
okay they're four egg yolks and then
we're gonna add 175 milliliters of milk
or six fluid ounces if you like that
time thing get the old whisk out and
then on top of that the ricotta
there we are
ricotta you can pick this up in your
supermarket it doesn't necessarily have
to be this brand it's just ricotta it
comes a little tough like they're
talking 250 grams sorry
okay now ricotta is really creamy it
gives the actual printheads a lovely
creamy texture really ever so slightly
grainy for top quality ricotta and the
panna cotta really works well gives it a
lovely kind of creamy texture without
actually making it too heavy then we get
the flour there's a hundred grams of
plain flour straight in there along with
teaspoon of baking powder there you go
now yeah I'm a little bit clearer when
it comes to measurements like this
because I think you can come so easily
put too little on to Mars sift that
through and a little bit of salt that's
it just stir that right now combine that
and I'm just going to whip up our egg
white
just whip up your egg why'd you want to
get those a nice and stiff so we can
follow that into our mixture
you got them to dry like the two blokes
in out there in the garden high and dry
slightly have a slightly sort of glossy
appearance them but stiff enough to give
it the older egg white test all right
Ivana without charge
first of all what we're going to start
off with just a small amount like that
into the mixture and then we're just
gonna fold it in very gradually you see
that get right it underneath there
that's the secret nice and smooth just
turning and almost cutting through the
mixture that's what's going to help it
easy away we go spoon that in you can
see what I'm doing here you can just
start off so you can get that lovely
ring that's what you're looking for I'm
trying to keep the shape all right don't
don't be frightened of that right there
what we're doing is leaving about one
minute no more than one minute and look
I will show you the heat their mediums
hot heat once your pans actually hot
they want to reduce that heat right down
that's the problem sometimes people
think if I turn up they're going to cook
quicker know it I ain't gonna cook quick
it's going to make it go blacker and
darker and they're going to lose that
lovely flavour so nice and slow takes a
little bit of care Hey look at this
remember what we did before we had the
orange juice with some sugar the star
anis and some caraway we're really going
to bring those pancakes alive yeah our
boys bit of a mix of Saltman of plates
again no complaints I know you were
chuckling before but these really are
lovely okay and that's it guys literally
you